README.md, before:

# deb-rust-hello
building a rust program into PPA

steps:

1. install building tools
1. using debmake to scaffold the project, 
	need to build a deb-rust-hello.tar compression file in the previous folder, 
	the debmake error will tells you how,
	then simply run *debmake* 
1. write a Makefile
1. follow the popsicle repo to modify the debian/rules file for rust
1. run *debuild* this should be build success
1. register or login a (Launchpad account)[https://launchpad.net]
1. register a GPG key for your account, I was using my Github GPG key for this
1. modify the debian/changelog from UNRELEASED to the ubuntu code name, my case is *focal*
1. run *debuild -S -k<your gpg key>* to sign the building
1. go to upper level folder then run *debsign -k <your gpg key> <filename>.changes* to sign the source.changes file

referenced articles:

1. https://www.debian.org/doc/manuals/debmake-doc/ch04.en.html
1. https://www.debian.org/doc/manuals/debmake-doc/ch08.en.html#makefile-sh
1. https://github.com/pop-os/popsicle
1. https://www.debian.org/doc/debian-policy/ch-archive.html
1. https://github.com/exelearning/iteexe/wiki/How-to-upload-to-Launchpad-PPA-repository-(.deb-packages)

Commit message:

try to using mozilla cargo dependency

README.md, after:

# deb-rust-hello
building a rust program into PPA

steps:

1. install building tools
1. using debmake to scaffold the project, 
	need to build a deb-rust-hello.tar compression file in the previous folder, 
	the debmake error will tells you how,
	then simply run *debmake* 
1. write a Makefile
1. follow the popsicle repo to modify the debian/rules file for rust
1. run *debuild* this should be build success
1. register or login a (Launchpad account)[https://launchpad.net]
1. register a GPG key for your account, I was using my Github GPG key for this
1. modify the debian/changelog from UNRELEASED to the ubuntu code name, my case is *focal*
1. run *debuild -S -k<your gpg key>* to sign the building
1. go to upper level folder then run *debsign -k <your gpg key> <filename>.changes* to sign the source.changes file
1. now facing the ubuntu build server cannot (find cargo command)[https://launchpadlibrarian.net/507624181/buildlog_ubuntu-focal-amd64.deb-rust-hello_0.0.1_BUILDING.txt.gz]
1. found out this (article that I need to vendor the compiling tools up to launchpad...)[https://askubuntu.com/questions/1264696/how-to-build-this-rust-program-in-launchpad-it-fails-to-build]
1. let me cry for a bit...

referenced articles:

1. https://www.debian.org/doc/manuals/debmake-doc/ch04.en.html
1. https://www.debian.org/doc/manuals/debmake-doc/ch08.en.html#makefile-sh
1. https://github.com/pop-os/popsicle
1. https://www.debian.org/doc/debian-policy/ch-archive.html
1. https://github.com/exelearning/iteexe/wiki/How-to-upload-to-Launchpad-PPA-repository-(.deb-packages)
